
 **** Showing the visiting places of Barisal:::
 Brief about Barisal:
 
 It is fast growing city on the bank of Kirtankhola River.
 Barisal is a divisional head quarter. The city is known the “Venice of Bengal”. Ancient name of was Chandradip.
 Bakerganj was renamed as Barisal district. It is one of the old port of Bangladesh.
 Rivers, canals – Bill, forests are the main natural beauty of this land. It is 373 km by road from capital city Dhaka. 
 There is a saying in Bangladesh that, 'Rice, Canals and Rivers make Barisal'.
 Barisal has numerous canals and rivers like a network.
 It produces plenty of rice, coconut, and betel nut every year.
 Barisal has the biggest river port of Bangladesh.
 
 
 ***Popular visitting places in Barisal city:::
 
 ***Durga Sagar::
                Durga Sagar, known locally as Madhabpasha Dighi,
                is the biggest pond in southern Bangladesh.
                It has a total area of about 2500 hectares.
                The lake is about 11 kilometres (6.8 mi) away from Barisal city.
                Rani Durgabati, mother of Raja Joy Narayan, had the pond excavated in 1780.
				There is a small island in the middle of the lake.
                It is located at Madhabpasa village of Babuganj Upazila,
                about 11 kilometres (6.8 mi) away from Barisal town.
                Tourists can go there by road, including by bus, from Barisal City.
 
 ***Oxford Mission Church::
 
               The Oxford Mission Church, one of the most elegant looking churches in Bangladesh,
              is also a heritage structure of the country.
  This beautiful red brick church was established in 1903 from the sketch of Sister Edith.
  It was given a final shape by Father Strong. There are 13 ponds and Oxford Mission School on the compound.
  The structure is one of architectural brilliance, with many corridors.
  It has 40 archways that support the roof.
  A large cross on the main altar continues to impart the blessing of Jesus Christ.
  The church draws local and foreign visitors, including devoted Christians to pray kneeling before the altar.
  
  
  There also many more visiting places in Barisal.
    Such as
        Bell's Park & Bangubandhu Udyan
        30 Godown
        Planet World
        Muktijoddha Park
        Lakhutia Zamindar Bari
        Korapur Miah Bari Masjid
        Shankar Math
        Town Hall
        Sher-e-Bangla Museum
        Bir Sreshtho Captain Mohiuddin Jahangir Library and Museum
        Jibanananda Das Museum
        Dapdapia Bridge
        Bibir Pukur
        Padma Pukur(Pond of Lotus)
        Kali Mandir
        padri shibpur girja.
		