
 *****Showing details about Rakhain area and Buddist academy in Barguna district:::

 Rakhain area and Buddist academy in Barguna district in the Barisal Division in south-eastern Bangladesh.
 Rakhain of Barguna district means Aborigine of ex Mog of Bakerganj district
 present Patuakhali and in Barguna district area. Besides this a Buddist academy also established here.
 People's of Buddhist religious are learn about their religion and practice religious occasions. 
 There are a lot of Rakhains live from a many days. Rakhain, The a small tribe of arakan origin belonging
 to the Bhotbarmi community of the Mongoloids. Many consider that Rakhains and their neighbours,
 marmas are in fact, the same tribe. The
 skull of Rakhains is round, their nose is flat, they have black hair, they are usually short in height,
 and their complexion is light brown.
 A section of Rakhains started living in ramu and its adjacent areas in chittagong hill tracts in the fifteenth century.


 ****How to get in to Rakhain area of Barguna district:::
 Located  south of Barisal, Barguna Rakhain area is connected both by air and road from Dhaka, Chittagong and Barisal.
 Flights are available from Chittagong and Dhaka on United Airways and Regent Airways .
 Flights tend to be daily during the high season (Oct - Apr) but generally drop back to
 3-4 flights per week during the Summer and Monsoon (May - Sept).
 The private bus companies have offices near Hotel Sea Queen on the main road, and also down in the Hotel Motel Zone.

 Where to get around Rakhain area of Barguna district
 Cycle-rickshaws are plentiful, and the ride between Buddhist academy area on the main road.

 What can you see to Rakhain area of Barguna district
 Miles of green, towering cliffs, colorful pagodas, Buddhist temples and tribes, the tourist capital of Bangladesh.
 There are also a few very old wooden Buddhist temples, a few kilometers from Barguna, well worth visiting.

 What can you do to Rakhain area of Barguna district
 Here you can take rest or visit local area and can introduce with villagers.


 There are lots of shops in the Barguna Town catering to Bangladeshi tourists.
 You can also check out the Burmese Market.
 You can try some local beauty products (sandal wood based),
 hand woven textile and bedsheets among many other things.
 What type of food you can take from Rakhain area of Barguna district
 There's a few restaurants along Patharghata Rd and in the Barguna, most   serving Bangladeshi standards.

 What type of drink you can take from Rakhain area of Barguna district
 Alcohol is available in a few locations in Barguna. The hotels have bars which generally open from 7pm.
 Don't expect much as their ambience leaves much to be desired and there is no guarantee the beer will be cold.
 Prices are higher than you might expect.

 ****Staying facalities:::
 
     Where you can sleep at Rakhain area of Barguna district

   There are also a lot of number of residential house. 
   Rest House District Council (0448-6 of 410)
   Khamarabari Reston House (0448-6 of 469)
   Rest House Water Development Board (0448-6 of 551)
   Eyagro Service Centre (0448-6 7 of 8)
   Public Works Department (0448-6 of 505)
   House elajii de Reston Reston House (0448-6 he was 54)
   Siiarapi Reston House (0448-6 at 551).
  
 In addition, there are several residential hotels Search

   Hotel tajabina (0448-6 of 503)
   Barguna Reston House (01718588856)
  Hotel Alam (0448-6 of 34)
  Hotels Earth (at 071 6453007)
  Hotel maumita (0448-6 he was 84)
  Hotel phalguni (0448-6 at 733).
  
  